every so often the best flavors
of the country of the four regions of the country
together with the current king of now
gather in a ritual to assign to the
new cut king how this is done
Well, as I told you, the
the four of the four regions with the
current king and the current king begin a
ritual of the next málaga
shows the deck a deck as a
little back does not matter and then you
says the three have the deck can
handle it
they can do whatever they want at the end and
cape
you are the best tauris go
then the one in the northern region cuts
the re-election south cuts
the one from the east region decides to lower a
little more to mix in their tips
and finally in the eastern region just
he deigned to cut
after the king
distribute the entire deck between the 4
you
all
and then he tells them that they must
take the letter that is in the above
your batteries and watch her pass a number of
letters equal to the one I have
the first one looks and has an ax
then you must pass eight letters
according to the instructions of the king hector
and eight the next
312 is one more
and not
the last one jota jota in this case
it's worth 11 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9
is
concludes the first part of the ritual and
we are ready to designate the new
King of the cut tells them the restaura with
the letter that was left over will be
which designates the new king of the court the
first sample says good I have cut
in king therefore from winning the
next says he hopes that I think that
I have also cut in a king
the third
well it's name is cut here there's a
triple tie the last says wait still
There is a letter to prove and
I show that it is a degree
the current king says good I think this
obviously we are going to show the letter that
be at the bottom of your stack and the first
he says he is good, surely I am the
new king of the cut because I have an ace
the next one says good if you have
some but I also have some the third
says one I think about some
finally fourth says the tie
is said between us against
then a king of the present does not know
what to do and comments well for
tie off we're going to do the following
as none of you can decide from
Who is the king of the cut I will continue
being me the king one two three
then shows that the letters
is it so
total 20 plays in order
everyone
and with this the king of the court defends
actor title
Thank you